# Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree## Specializations## Project: Capstone Proposal and Capstone ProjectMost new applications and startups tend to fail; 90% of startups fail and the number one for failure is the lack of market need of their product , so any startup or company intend to develop a new mobile app needs to make certain their App fulfill a market need; A model can predict application success by classifying the estimated number of downloads will occur based on previous similar applications published on the App store with similar features can help most of startups and mobile development companies to take business decisions to proceed or alter their plans from earlier stages, save money and reduce risks and increase customer satisfaction.## Project DesignThis project will consist of 8 main stages in order to build our kernel1. **Datasets and Inputs:** will import our dataset and remove noise (NANs, duplications, ...).2. **Data Visualization:** will explore and represent our dataset graphically in order to have some insights.3. **Data Pre-processing:** will Prepare our dataset for classification phase (removing un-useful features, make one-hot-encoding,..)4. **Evaluation Metrics:** will identify our score method that used to evaluate our classifiers.5. **Benchmark:** will build Linear regression classifier as a benchmark model and get baseline performance values.6. **Algorithms and Techniques:** will explore more classifiers (Naive Bayes, Decision Trees, SVM, Gradient Boosting) and compare results with base kernel result then choose the best two classifiers to the enhancement stage.7. **Enhancements:** will try to use PCA for feature reduction to enhance classification results.8. **Final Kernel:** based on previous results we will choose the final classifier and enhancement tuning to our kernel.Finally, we will try to test our kernel with some random data and check if our kernel behaves as expected to solve our business problem or not and give suggestions for improvement.## DatasetThe dataset that will used is ["Google Play Store Apps"](https://www.kaggle.com/lava18/google-play-store-apps) from [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com), the dataset structured in CSV format in one file named “googleplaystore” with 10.8k rows and 13 columns each row indicates real mobile application in play store and columns represent features as follows : Application name, Category the app belongs to, Overall user rating, Number of user reviews, Size of the app, Number of user downloads/installs, Type (Paid or Free), Price, Rating, Age group the app is targeted at (Children, Mature 21+, Adult), Genres, Last Updated, Current Version, Min required Android version.